Document browser-specific web accessible resource URLs (#45018)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/web_accessible_resources/index.md

"web_accessible_resources": ["images/my-image.png"]
```

> The URL uses a browser-specific scheme:

Reviewer: As we haven't previously mentioned URL, please rephrase like this:
```suggestion
The file is then available using a URL. This URL uses a browser-specific scheme:
```

- Chrome and Chromium-based browsers use `chrome-extension://`.
- Firefox uses `moz-extension://`.
- Safari uses `safari-web-extension://` (WebKit uses `webkit-extension://`).

> For example, a resource URL in Firefox might look like:

Reviewer: As the example includes a placeholder for UUID
```suggestion
For example, the resource URL in Firefox takes this form:
```

// something like:
// moz-extension://944cfddf-7a95-3c47-bd9a-663b3ce8d699/images/my-image.png
```
This approach gives you the correct URL regardless of the browser your extension is running on.

In Chrome, a statically declared CSS file can use the predefined

> `@@extension_id` message to construct a URL for an extension resource:

Reviewer: We don't wrap text on margins. I think we can also simplify the language slightly.
```suggestion
In Chrome, a static CSS file can use the `@@extension_id` message to construct a URL for an extension resource:
```
